Smoke / functional testing improvements (#80)
hmcts/chart-java: README.md

## Smoke and functional tests

> From version 2.14.1 of this chart you can configure your functional and smoke tests to run just after deployment or at scheduled times 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From version 2.15.0 of this chart you can configure your functional and smoke tests to run just after deployment or at scheduled times 
```
